We are still trying to understand all those uh key
design components in this particular uh uh you know,
for one technology delivery life cycle use case.
Now in this particular use case
uh that is so the this is with respect to uh uh
application development or uh you know uh system integration uh use case.
So if there is a banking application, right? And in a banking uh application.
So if there is a payment uh process
module, right?
And in the payment processing module, say for example, you might want to
um add a new uh
you know, payment processor or you might want to add a new supplier or or a vendor,
right?
So if that is the case, then when if you had to create a user story.
So uh the user story is, you know, I want to uh create a payment uh processing mo
pro
add a new payment processing for country
um you know, for for country XYZ.
Now when you do that, so typically what happens is this user story that is created?
So the that actually the it is preprocess when when you say preprocess,
it is tokenized the features are extracted, then it is you know the ember,
it is embedded, it goes into the vector database.
Then in the knowledge graph,
you also you know,
search for that particular if there is some particular information.
So when we say information,
we are trying to understand if there are any functional
or nonfunctional areas also that we need to look at.
So typically when we are looking at an
user story, so we try to understand what are the nonfunctional aspects also, right.
So from a security standpoint, if something needs to be covered or you know,
from a scalability perspective,
something needs to be looked at from a performance
perspective or like that we need to look at,
right?
And similarly, um
so all this information
is looked at for reference and then this context is
also uh taken and then the prompt is generated,
then there is this LLM orchestrator.
Now the LLM orchestrator here we are using the L
chain. Now, typically what it does is it identifies
what is the
LA
LLM that needs to be uh made use of.
So depending upon the type of uh you know uh information that uh the
query that we are actually looking at.
So it does determine it selects that particular large language model.
So for example, if it is a uh uh text
type of information that we want to extract, then so in this case, it's a user story,
it will automatically switch to a GP T 3.5.
But then
if you,
yeah, if the instead of this user input of generate user story, right?
Say for example,
it might be generate an uh you know
uh technology architecture or an application architecture.
Then instead of this GP T 3.5 this will
will switch to, you know, a GP T 4.0 or it will switch to a DC, right? So
the,
so the land chain uh actually it
helps in a selective identification of that particular
um you know, opening
or the particular LLM.
So it goes to that particular large language model
along with the particular pro with the prompt,
the context, it gets the response,
then the particular response is formatted then and then it again,
uh it sends it back to the user interface and uh
and when we look at uh within uh uh uh uh it's within my wizard, right?
So we already have many um my wizard assets also.
So for example, especially uh you know, when we look at uh uh requirements, right?
So within requirements, so we have the requirements readiness, you,
we have the requirements dependency identifier like that.
There are so many my visitor assets are there.
So when the user stories are also created, it will also go into, you know,
check these particular assets as well to understand, you know,
uh if those require user stories are in line with
that uh invest uh uh principles when I say invest
it is independent negotiable, valuable estimable, small testable.
This is so people who are in the application development space, right?
So they will be and who are familiar with
a
agile and all they'll be more familiar with this invest uh principles.
But typically what it does is it looks at all these uh assets as well and uh you know,
tries to bring in all those best practices and then, you know,
it provides them the sponsors accordingly.